c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.exe.config
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.exe
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.pdb
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.exe
c:\users\korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.pdb
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\bin\Debug\af\EntityFramework_prezentacja.resources.dll
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.Form1.resources
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.Okno_dodawania.resources
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.Okno_wyswietlania.resources
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.Form1.af.resources
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\af\EntityFramework_prezentacja.resources.dll
c:\Users\Korek10\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.okno_usuwania.resources
C:\Users\Korek10\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EntityFramework_prezentacja\EntityFramework_prezentacja\obj\Debug\EntityFramework_prezentacja.okno_modyfikacja.resources
